# Things I have learnt from Q3 of the Assignment

This question allowed me to significantly expand my knowledge on how to construct neural networks for image classification tasks. The dataset contained 60,000 real images, and 60,000 AI generated images and my goal was to explore and develop several models to classify whether any given image is real or fake. The models I explored are listed below:
* Sequential CNN
* FastAI CNN
* Sequential Dense layer Neural Network

### Sequential CNN
This model was based on the [github project](https://github.com/agusgun/FakeImageDetector) which is an approach that uses a combination of Error Level Analysis and a Convolutional Neural Network to classify whether an image was been modified by AI or not. I used this project as a framework for how I would develop a model for Fake image classification by utilising the architecture of its CNN. The ELA component I did not use because I thought it would not improve the performance of my model since the images are not modified, but completely AI generated

### FastAI CNN
Since the fastAI CNN model I used for Q2 was effective at classifying the 10 animal classes, I thought it would be interesting to see how the fastAI CNN running Resnet18 would fair against the Sequential CNN I developed for this question. It was relatively simple to repurpose the FastAI CNN, all I had to do was import the archive folder containing all the real and fake images into the parent directory, and run the script from where it creates the DataLoader onwards.

### Sequential Dense layer Neural Network
I had now coded two different CNN's for the purpose of classifying real and fake images, thus I wanted to explore a different type of Neural Network to see how it faired compared to either CNN. I found [an article detailing a binary classification method](https://filipedsprocopio.medium.com/machine-learning-method-without-cnn-to-regonize-cats-and-dogs-11cd7136efe) for classifying cats and dogs and I thought I could repurpose and adapt their approach to my situation. My architecture was a sequential neural network coded in tensorflow, with three dense layers with relu activation, then another dense layer with one output node and sigmoid activation in order to condense the output to a probability of whether the image was fake or not.
